Mr. Chu congratulated Mr. Lin on his birthday
Send congratulatory gifts
Millennium ginseng bazhu jadeite jade Guanyin a
8 antique calligraphy and paintings
Villa one
Total price 88.88 million
Congratulations to Mr. Lin for leading the Lin family all the way to a long rainbow
Libi
Oops, 8,000 for 1.88 million. That's it.
We old people
All the assets are added together
It's not even 10 million.
You are so precious to me
Oops this is simply
I'm stuffed. Let's go!
You tore up the contract
It's just shit.
You tear it off
My more than 10 billion is gone.
Dad?
What you said is false, I died miserably.
How dare you be stubborn with me
Can 80 million people be fake?
You pig brain
Hahaha
What about people?
Mr. Chu is coming
Quickly chase Mr. Chu back to me
I will go too
Hurry up, wait
Oh, dear.
Fake dad this is fucking fake
I see.
This kid just took a fake thing to drag the real thing
We were all deceived.
Fuck you, I can't die with you
Uh-huh.
Hahaha, hurry up and call
Thank you auntie
Okay, your company has arrived.
Gone what's wrong
I bought a painting today and so picked a painting
That painting style is unique, I have seen it in my life
One look and I thought it was the love of my life.
It's a pity to mix with your thin face
Hey, you said I can't come to school yet.
Since you like it so much
I'll get it back for you in two days. Hmm.
But your $80 million gift
I won't be on it for a while, okay?
But don't worry.
I will definitely pay you back in the future.
My company has something to do, so I'll leave first, etc.
This tenant has to settle the bill clearly
I became your driver and boyfriend today
I'm very tired, does this money have to be settled?
Here you go. Okay, thanks.
Call me after get off work, I'm waiting for you to eat chicken
Hello
What? Okay, I'll be right there.